docs: bluetooth: mesh: Add documentation for models shell commands (#7111)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/gen_lvl_cli.rst

The Generic Level Client model remotely controls the state of a :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_srv_readme` model.

Extended models
***************

None.

Persistent storage
******************

None.

Shell commands
**************

> The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides set of commands to interract with the Generic Level Client model instantiated on a device.
> 
> To make these commands available, enable :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_LVL_CLI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides a set of commands to interact with the Generic Level Client model instantiated on a device.

To make these commands available, enable the Kconfig options :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL` and :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_LVL_CLI`.
```

	* ``elem_idx``: Element index where to find the model instance.

``mdl_lvl get``
---------------

	Get the current Generic Level state value.

``mdl_lvl set <lvl> [transition_time_ms  [delay_ms]]``
------------------------------------------------------

	Set the Generic Level state value and wait for a response.

	* ``lvl``: Level state value to set.
	* ``transition_time_ms``: If present, defines the transition time in the message in milliseconds.
	* ``delay_ms``: If present, defines the delay in the message in milliseconds.

``mdl_lvl set-unack <lvl> [transition_time_ms  [delay_ms]]``
------------------------------------------------------------

	Set the Generic Level state value without requesting a response.

	* ``level``: Level state value to set.
	* ``transition_time_ms``: If present, defines the transition time in the message in milliseconds.
	* ``delay_ms``: If present, defines the delay in the message in milliseconds.

``mdl_lvl delta-set <delta> [transition_time_ms  [delay_ms]]``
--------------------------------------------------------------

	Trigger a differential level state change in a server and wait for a response.

> 	* ``delta``: Translation from original value.

Author: Taken from here: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/5c112559323b17cdf06cba1c527ba948725a10c5/include/bluetooth/mesh/gen_lvl.h#L66

The Generic Level Client model remotely controls the state of a :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_srv_readme` model.

Extended models
***************

None.

Persistent storage
******************

None.

Shell commands
**************

The Bluetooth mesh shell subsystem provides a set of commands to interact with the Generic Level Client model instantiated on a device.

To make these commands available, enable the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL`
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SHELL_LVL_CLI`

mdl_lvl instance get-all
	Print all instances of the Generic Level Client model on the device.

mdl_lvl instance set <elem_idx>

> 	Select the Generic Level Client model instantiated on the specified element id.
> 	This instance will be used in message sending.
> 	If no model instance was selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Select the Generic Level Client model instantiated on the specified element ID.
	This instance will be used in message sending.
	If no model instance is selected, the first model instance found on the device will be used by default.
```
